DOC-2481: 7.3 Revision History changes - update plugin page and add release notes (#3407)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/revisionhistory_fetch.adoc

[[revisionhistory_fetch]]
== `revisionhistory_fetch`

> The `revisionhistory_fetch` function retrieves saved revisions and is **required** for the Revision History plugin to work. It is called when the user opens the Revision History view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `revisionhistory_fetch` function retrieves saved revisions and is called when the user opens the Revision History view.

[IMPORTANT]
The `revisionhistory_fetch` function is required for the Revision History plugin to function.

```
